hey guys i'm here to show you another
tutorial i'm going to be working in
adobe photoshop creating a water ripple
effect as you can see I've done two
different water ripple effects and this
will be a two part tutorial we'll start
with making the background water ripple
effect so let's come up to our file and
create a new document first get this out
of the way I just want to show you guys
what the end result was come on barren
field in your document now I'm going to
create a small small background here for
this one just so we can render this
stuff real quick so let's do about 250
by say 300 pixels yes a new document
okay great first um use a hotkey d DS
going to return us to our default
foreground and background colors black
and white there we want to come over
here to filter and we're going to filter
some clouds and get on to render here we
have clouds clouds I'm going to come
back up to filter do on the radial blur
Oh
yeah come down down to a radial blur set
that to above turn it on down let's say
we do about 40 41 fine we have a spin
method will keep it at the best quality
okay there you see it drop the radial
blur on it come back up to filter down
to our sketch and we're going to for the
fast relief it's going to bring us up a
few options for fast relief let's get
that on the highest detail don't know
the smoothness 10 should be a fine color
I'll be down a bit more see looks
somewhat like a ripple they're coming
into you guys can see over here see we
have somewhat of a ripple play with your
smoothness you'll probably want the
detail up pretty high okay and then
we'll do one more filter effect to the
chrome effect here
back in sketch to a chrome effect should
take us back into our filter gallery yep
someone like a nice bit of water there
play with your detail and your
smoothness here go for about a six try
to smooth this down a bit two is fine
okay how would we need to do is give
this more of a color flexo shortcut key
be our command you bring us up to our
Hugh do as well curfew on up to
down saturation a bit
first guys which would otherwise turn
right here up to about 225 there
cut the saturation just to about 25
getting somewhat of watercolors there
and you can play with the hue and
saturation colors a little bit that's
part one of the tutorial there to create
your background water effect as again we
can I just want to show you guys really
quick what I did with my my um most
recent photo shop design as you guys can
see where I worked on this image here
was I did the background effect as you
can see that that background water has a
radial blur on it and I've also been
able to do a foreground image on top of
that and i'm going to show you guys in
part 2 of this tutorial how we did that
so see you in a bit